Clarify DATT operations for pricing calculation (#9317)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/platform/billing.md

Author: ```suggestion
Each unique test is treated as its own target table. For example, if `stg_customers` has `not_null` and `unique` tests on its `id` column and `raw.customers` hasn't changed since the last run, `stg_customers` and its two tests each count as a separate DATT, which is three DATTs total.

All reuses of the same active target table inside of a single day (based on UTC time) are counted as a single daily active target table (DATT).
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt State is a separate, usage-based product available to dbt Core, dbt platform, and dbt Fusion engine users.
```

### dbt State pricing

dbt State is a separate, usage-based product available to dbt Core, dbt platform, and dbt Fusion engine users.

### Cancellation

Usage is tracked through your cancellation date. You're billed at month end for usage incurred before cancellation and not charged for usage after.

### Daily active target tables

> For purposes of pricing, daily active target tables (DATT) are measured as the number of distinct target tables (as defined below) for which dbt State performs at least one of the following operations on a given day (based on UTC time): a unique skip, a unique clone, or a unique test reuse.

Author: ```suggestion
For purposes of pricing, daily active target tables (DATT) are measured as the number of distinct target tables (as defined below) for which dbt State performs at least one of the following unique operations on a given day (based on UTC time): a skip, clone, or test reuse.
```

Reviewer 2: lgtm!

Usage is tracked through your cancellation date. You're billed at month end for usage incurred before cancellation and not charged for usage after.

### Daily active target tables

For purposes of pricing, daily active target tables (DATT) are measured as the number of distinct target tables (as defined below) for which dbt State performs at least one of the following operations on a given day (based on UTC time): a unique skip, a unique clone, or a unique test reuse.

> A target table is a database object managed by your dbt project for a given database and schema name. It includes seeds, snapshots, dbt models (including incremental models), and unique tests (including tests with `store_failures` enabled or disabled). Each unique test is treated as its own target table. For example, if `stg_customers` has `not_null` and `unique` tests on its `id` column, that's three target tables: the model and its two tests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A target table is a database object managed by your dbt project for a given database and schema name. It includes seeds, snapshots, dbt models (including incremental models). It also includes each distinct test (even if the tests are not built into the database because `store_failures` is disabled). For example, if `stg_customers` has `not_null` and `unique` tests on its `id` column, that's three target tables: the model and its two tests.
```

unique tests are a specific test type, so distinct is better.

Author: @joellabes I removed "and views" from `(including incremental models and views)` because I see in [this Slack](https://dbt-labs.slack.com/archives/C092RKDSGRL/p1780581375295559?thread_ts=1780461530.834129&cid=C092RKDSGRL) views are excluded from DATT.

### Daily active target tables

> For purposes of pricing, daily active target tables (DATT) are measured as the number of distinct target tables for which dbt State performs at least one of the following operations on a given calendar day: a unique skip, a unique clone, or a unique test reuse.

Author: ```suggestion
For purposes of pricing, daily active target tables (DATT) are measured as the number of distinct target tables (as defined previously) for which dbt State performs at least one of the following operations on a single day (based on UTC time): a unique skip, a unique clone, or a unique test reuse.
```
